Luo Zong prison escape crime plus one class
Song Yushi has been dismissed and investigated
To such a result
Family Master Luo, are you still satisfied?
full of meaning
Luo Jiazhu is satisfied
I had already interrogated Luo Zhong and Song Yishi before I came
Song Yishi said what he did
It's all you
The head of the Luo family instructed him to talk nonsense behind his back
According to Luo Zhong
He colluded with thieves
Your Luo family head already knew
and
Your Luo family head also has private dealings with thieves
Do you want to say that this is selling the country for glory?
You are responsible for both
Really have a revenge
It must be revenge
Not a single one.
He committed a crime.
I don't think I'm going to save him
He just wanted to pull me and the whole Luo family
Buried with him
Yeah, I think so.
But what a pity!
Do they have evidence?
What evidence?
I'm coming to you personally, Master Luo
I just want to invite you to come with us
Face to face
by the way
Let's reconfirm the gentleness of that evidence
Take him away
Open it up
The poisoned adult, I have something to say
Go back and talk if you have something to say
Poisoned adult
I want to report
I'm going to give it back.
I miss that there are no spies around you
Wait a minute.